Feat/logic bindings (#114)
okp4/contracts: packages/logic-bindings/README.md

# CW Logic Sample

> Sample contract to query the okp4 logic module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository that holds all bindings for querying the okp4 logic module.
```
